That top-tier tycoon
You dreamed of day and night
Was just some third-rate model
I hired to pose
As one
I didn’t expect
You’d fall for it so easily
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You bitch
You dared to set me up?
I told you
As long as you behaved
I wouldn’t make trouble for you
But you insisted
On driving a wedge between me and Qín Fēng
Making me sick
So don’t blame me
For not being polite
But you cheating on Qín Fēng
Is an undeniable fact
Even now
He’s still willing to forgive you
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You’ve got some skills
That’s my business
Stay out of it
And what about you?
Seems you missed a golden opportunity
I’m afraid
You’ll regret it for life
You don’t even know
Your thing with Pǔ Chéng
Young Master Wú knew about it long ago
What?
You didn’t really think
A few cute whines from you
And the Wú family
Would overlook the video
And welcome you in without a grudge?
It was Young Master Wú
Who knelt before the Wú family head
For three days straight
To get them to agree to let you in
I didn’t know